---
layout: post
title: The Unexpected Social Utility of Cigarettes
---

I was watching a film recently[^1] and had an epiphany. There was a scene when the young protagonist, frustrated with his bandmates, leaves the studio and smokes a cigarette outside. He is quickly joined by Maggie Gyllenhal. However, there is a good 5-10 seconds of him just smoking a cigarette. I'm convinced the scene wouldn't have worked without the cig. It would have been weird, he would have just been staring out into the middle distance, slightly peevishly.

My insight is thus: had such wonderful social and personal utility, apart from their addictive qualities. See a cute girl and want to chat her up without being weird? Ask for a light! Share a cig! Of course, this doesn't work anymore because rational people don't smoke-- it is literally killing you. Eric.

Not only that, what could be more intimate than sharing a cig with someone after sex? There is something universal about that, a cognitive, rather than sensual, intimacy between two people sharing a cig in bed. 

Want to step outside and just have a think? You'd look weird leaning against a wall, staring out like a space cadet. Why not smoke! People understand, they just see an addict getting zir's fix, rather than a pervert just staring. This is especially necessary if you work next to a playground.


I can think of a dozen more uses for cig's. Maybe that is why they are still around, and still being depicted in the media.
In fact, most depictions of cig's in media serve a purpose. Next time you watch a film or TV show, you'll notice that most every cig serves a purpose. Even in the always subtle Mad Men, where everyone smokes, there are at least billion scenes where a smoking Doctor is examining a smoking pregnant woman-- showing how shitty people were back then, I guess. More to the point, they are usually used more subtly to show weakness, addiction, stress. They can encourage intimacy or distance between two people, and they can evoke
disgust.

But seriously, you should quit smoking, Eric.

[1]: Frank. It was weird, alienating and isolating. I think I enjoyed it?
