# Death?

"Oh! I am so, so sorry!."

This is what Tim Mapleton wanted to say, straining desperately to speak. But, he couldn't. This was because Tim Mapleton was drowning and his mouth was full of water.

Unfortunate, as it had been a very ordinary, pleasant vacation up until this point. Just another in a series of family vacations to Lake Michigan. Tim could still see his wife and children splashing in the shallows, small idyllic figures still unaware their world was about to come crashing down. 

He went down, the grey water pulling at him, dragging him under again. He could feel the icy knife of the lake twisting in him.

This would tear them apart, he thought in a brief moment of lucidity. He could see his son splashing around in those vivid red water wings, while his wife laughed and smiled, her golden hair spinning the sunlight into a halo around her head. At the time, those waterwings had seemed like a harmless, vaguely unmanly, indulgence of the fears of childhood. Now, they seemed like a really good fucking idea.

It had been hard for Tim to accept that he was drowning. Even now, he hardly exhibited the symptoms of a drowning man. He wasn't crying for help. He wasn't waving his arms wildly in the air. In fact, Tim seemed altogether too calm for a man drowning. But far from possessing a quiet dignity about the whole thing, this was because Tim had inhaled far too much of the waters of Lake Michigan, and was rather tired. The lizard part of his brain had almost completely taken over.

Live. Choke. Spit. Live. Tim futilely clawed at the water, making a desperate push to get his head above water again. He couldn't breathe, every gasp was a fight now, a desperate push for this breath to not be the last. A last burst of strength, he forced his head above water, the scene frozen in his mind as he was dragged back down.

His wife, his son, splashing happily in the shallows. The young lifeguard, perched in his tower, talking to a group of equally young girls.

The water rushed in over his eyes, filling his mouth, his nostrils. Tim inhaled his first real lungful, feeling it pour into him in choking gasps, down into his clutching, gasping lungs.

He gave one last desperate kick, barely managing to breach the surface; his vision was fading to red, he could just make out the young lifeguard and the last thing Tim saw before he went down was the boy's eyes, staring right at him, and the sheer terror in them.

Tim had watched a particularly gruesome nature documentary last year and one particular scene had always stuck with him. A deer had been set on by a pack of wolves and it was tired of running, you could see it in the whites of its eyes, its trembling flank. The wolves had begun to eat it, tearing large chunks of its flesh while it trembled. The barbarity had shocked Tim at the time, by what had really stuck with him was the calmness that it gave up. At some point it had ceased to run, to panic, to tremble and it lay down while it was picked at, while flesh was teared from its frame.

Tim had stopped struggling. He began to sink, his clothes weighed down by the water. There was a calmness that gripped Tim, and as he watched the last of the air bubble up away from him, he considered that it was probably shock.

The last thing Tim felt before he blacked out was a strong hand gripping his hair.

\*\*\*

A big face, with an angry pimple on its nose. A sparse forest of hairs on the upper lip, and a thin roapy chain of saliva between the upper and lower lip. All of this was swooping down towards Tim in an inevitable slow motion. This was the first thing he saw when he came to.

The second thing Tim saw was the large crowd of people around him, watching him lay there. It brought him back to his swim lessons in eighth grade, being chosen to be the 'dummy', so someone could demonstrate the safety steps you take when you see someone unconscious, being made to lie there with wet swim trunks that clung to his thighs. And, being acutely aware of this.

While the lifeguard forced air into his lungs, Tim became more and more aware of the cold, wet feeling of his swim trucks clinging to his thighs. Under half lidded eyes, he saw his wife and son watching him. He imagined what he must look like: a middle aged man, muffin topping over his slightly too tight shorts, skinny pale legs lying limply in the sand. All of this caused a deep sense of embarrassment to fall over him. 

He wanted to shout "No! Please! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to be an inconvenience. Really, I'm fine." but his throat had ceased to work. In that moment, Tim truly wanted to die. Instead, he just closed his eyes.

\*

"I don't understand it," the sandy-haired lifeguard was saying to the EMT, "maybe I just wasn't fast enough..."

"Hey, kid." the EMT put his hand on the lifeguard's shoulder, "You did your best, okay? This isn't anyone's fault."

The lifeguard didn't say anything back. 

The EMT's had just finished loading Tim into the back of the ambulance, they'd strapped him into a stretcher.

"I just need to ask you, one last time: Did he ever show any signs of responsiveness?"

The EMT paused, looking at the lifeguard.

"Anything sign at all?"

"No."

The other EMT was talking to Tim's wife. She was standing there, arms folded across her chest, face ashen.

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Keller, we just don't know. The folks up at St. Mary's will be able to tell you more." The EMT put his hand on her shoulder. "We've got to go now."

She nodded, eyes tight.

Tim watched this all play out under half-lidded eyes.

*This has gone too far. Just sit up, and tell everyone you're fine* Tim thought.

But he might have to explain that he was fine, there was nothing wrong with him, and he had just been really embarrassed. 

Tim didn't think he could look the EMT in the eye if that happened, so he kept his eyes closed.

\*\*\*

"He just isn't responding. We still don't even know what's wrong with him. Okay look," The doctor turned his monitor around, bringing up two videos and gesturing at them with his pen. "See, these are MRI's done. One is a healthy person, cogent and awake, the other is your husband." The doctor looked up at Tim's wife, "Can you tell which is which?"

Tim's wife was fidgeting wife a tissue. 
"Well, no. But I'm not a doctor!"

The doctor leaned back in his chair and raised his hands up. 
"Trust me, no one can. We're flying the best neurologist in the country here. He should be here tomorrow."

Tim winced.

The doctor stood up, and began to pace. 
"Mrs. Keller, Tim's brain will actually respond to stimuli. If you speak to him, the speech centers of the brain light up, as if he is thinking of a response. He just can't seem to translate that into control over his body. Yet his spine is just fine!" The doctor threw up his hands. "You don't understand how frustrating this is, Mrs. Keller."

Tim's wife stood up, with an icy dignity. 
"Well. We'll do our best from now on to make this easier on you, Doctor." Without another word, she turned and walked out. The doctor quickly rushed out after her, his plaintive "No! I'm sorry!", quickly fading from ear.

*This had gone on far too long. It is out of control* He couldn't even bear to think about how much money this was costing his insurance company. 
*I'll just tell them I feel fine, and I would like to go home*
But then Tim walked himself through the scenario, imagining the hollow pronouncement--"Hey guys. Miracle! I feel fine now.", the slight suspicion in his wife's eyes, the knowing look the doctor would give him, that you-little-fucker-you've-been-fine-this-whole-time-and-we-flew-down-the-best-neurologist-in-the-country-who-do-you-think-you-are look.

No, that would be simply too much. Tim decided he would just have to wait it out.

I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
\*\*\*


