---
layout: post
title: Why I've come to realize that a hot wife may not be the best thing ever.
---

Upon reflection, I've come to decide that I would really rather not have a hot wife. 
For our purposes, a hot wife is a 9 or higher[^1] on the scale. Now, this fancy may seem premature, as this blog is basically all about how I don't get laid[^2], and the ensuing frustrations, sour-grapes and general belly-aching that goes along with that.

However, as the Boy Scouts so aptly remind us, one must be prepared. On the surface, a hotwife (hw) would have a number of advantages over a plainwife (pl), or even, a handsome wife (hdw). And yet, if one undergoes intense introspection, one is drawn to the inevitable conclusion that there are significantly more cons than pros.

It is easy to number the advantages of a hw. Off the top of my head there are: self-esteem boost that hw choose me, or, that I *won* her[^3]; self-evident aesthetic value; jealously of friends/family. There is even a philosophic argument to be made that a obtaining a hw is a goal in of itself, and far from pursuing zir for the supplementary benefits, hw has an intrinsic worth much the same as living an ethical life does.

Throughout most of my youth[^4], I've simply fixated on these pros with nary a thought to the lurking cons-- which, like their namesake, unfortunately travel in hordes. My epiphany was sparked by having a brief flirtation with a hotgirl (hg)[^5]. During the day, she would send numerous photographs of her in states of undress, which caused a very pronounced physiological reaction. Now, being a man who works for his living, and whose said work uses his brain, this has the unfortunate effect of
occupying the lobes with other, more provincial concerns. Needless to say, it was nigh impossible to achieve anything of note, and I was uncomfortably reminded of the time I saw a Maxim magazine while on family vacation and was quite overcome. For those of my readers who identify as female and perhaps unfamiliar with the male drive, I will simply point out that a year ago, an Asian man of advanced age was found in a prawn dumpster, rolling around in dead crustaceans while he tugged
his button. While admittedly representing the extreme end of the bell-curve, it does illustrate the power the male drive can have in corrupting common sense, ie. Bill Clinton.

Once I considered this first con, that having a hw might come to dominate the grey matter and may become an liability in living as a good, productive Canadian, I came to consider others. It may get old, fending off the unwanted advances of other men while you are out. An impostor syndrome may develop, a thought that you aren't good enough for her, which may lead to an unhealthy jealously, a mistrust of her motivations. Etc. 


However, all of these things can be avoided by simply having a hdw, or even a pw. Indeed, if, as the sage advises, we should strive for balance in all things, perhaps we should think about applying this maxim to the hotness of our wife.

Instead of having really nice looking, but ultimately
uncomfortable expensive Scandanavian furniture you are afraid of scuffing, wouldn't it be better to have a plump, worn, probably second-hand, but still attractive couch you can flop into?


[^1]: Without makeup
[^2]: Laid is taken in its 2016 form: emotionally laid (ie. a relationship), or physically laid.
[^3]: The usual disclaimer: I don't view women as objects, it just sometimes seems like it.
[^4]: Up till two weeks ago.
[^5]: Yes, it was an internet flirtation. I find much more success when a woman gets to know me without seeing me. The implications of this are not lost on me.



